README.md, before:

# ⚠️ STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL RESEARCH ⚠️

# Uniswap V3

[![Lint](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![Tests](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/tests.yml)
[![Fuzz Testing](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/fuzz-testing.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/fuzz-testing.yml)
[![Mythx](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/mythx.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/mythx.yml)

This repository contains the core smart contracts for the Uniswap V3 Protocol.
For higher level contracts, see the [uniswap-v3-periphery](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-periphery)
repository.

## Local deployment

In order to deploy this code to a local testnet, you should install the npm package
`@uniswap/v3-core`
and import the factory bytecode located at
`@uniswap/v3-core/artifacts/contracts/UniswapV3Factory.sol/UniswapV3Factory.json`.
For example:

```typescript
import {
  abi as FACTORY_ABI,
  bytecode as FACTORY_BYTECODE,
} from '@uniswap/v3-core/artifacts/contracts/UniswapV3Factory.sol/UniswapV3Factory.json'

// deploy the bytecode
```

This will ensure that you are testing against the same bytecode that is deployed to
mainnet and public testnets, and all Uniswap code will correctly interoperate with
your local deployment.

## Using solidity interfaces

The Uniswap v3 interfaces are available for import into solidity smart contracts
via the npm artifact `@uniswap/v3-core`, e.g.:

```solidity
import '@uniswap/v3-core/contracts/interfaces/IUniswapV3Pool.sol';

contract MyContract {
  IUniswapV3Pool pool;

  function doSomethingWithPool() {
    // pool.swap(...);
  }
}

```

Commit message:

add LICENSE and make associated changes (#433)
* first pass

* make NoDelegateCall not GPL

* make tick math GPL

* reorder files to clearly indicate licensing

* make liquidity math gpl

* credit remco

* flatten folders again, make README clearer

* add governance rights to license

* add LICENSE reference to README

Co-authored-by: Moody Salem <moody.salem@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Uniswap V3

[![Lint](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![Tests](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/tests.yml)
[![Fuzz Testing](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/fuzz-testing.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/fuzz-testing.yml)
[![Mythx](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/mythx.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/actions/workflows/mythx.yml)

This repository contains the core smart contracts for the Uniswap V3 Protocol.
For higher level contracts, see the [uniswap-v3-periphery](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-periphery)
repository.

## Local deployment

In order to deploy this code to a local testnet, you should install the npm package
`@uniswap/v3-core`
and import the factory bytecode located at
`@uniswap/v3-core/artifacts/contracts/UniswapV3Factory.sol/UniswapV3Factory.json`.
For example:

```typescript
import {
  abi as FACTORY_ABI,
  bytecode as FACTORY_BYTECODE,
} from '@uniswap/v3-core/artifacts/contracts/UniswapV3Factory.sol/UniswapV3Factory.json'

// deploy the bytecode
```

This will ensure that you are testing against the same bytecode that is deployed to
mainnet and public testnets, and all Uniswap code will correctly interoperate with
your local deployment.

## Using solidity interfaces

The Uniswap v3 interfaces are available for import into solidity smart contracts
via the npm artifact `@uniswap/v3-core`, e.g.:

```solidity
import '@uniswap/v3-core/contracts/interfaces/IUniswapV3Pool.sol';

contract MyContract {
  IUniswapV3Pool pool;

  function doSomethingWithPool() {
    // pool.swap(...);
  }
}

```

## Licensing

The primary license for Uniswap V3 Core is the Business Source License 1.1 (`BUSL-1.1`), see `LICENSE`.

### Exceptions

- All files in `contracts/interfaces/` are licensed under `GPL-2.0-or-later` (as indicated in their SPDX headers), see `contracts/interfaces/LICENSE`
- Several files in `contracts/libraries/` are licensed under `GPL-2.0-or-later` (as indicated in their SPDX headers), see `contracts/libraries/LICENSE_GPL`
- `contracts/libraries/FullMath.sol` is licensed under `MIT` (as indicated in its SPDX header), see `contracts/libraries/LICENSE_MIT`
- All files in `contracts/test` remain unlicensed.
